Revisit page meta descriptions in Core docs - Closes #738 (#753)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/reference/api.adoc

= API (Betanet)
Mona Bärenfänger <mona@lightcurve.io>

> :description: The API endpoints of connected nodes are described, including how to send requests to a node and receive live responses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:description: The API endpoints of Lisk Core nodes connected to the Betanet are covered here, including sending requests and receiving live responses..
```
